Update the description of when SQLite might make sense as the configured database [ci skip] (#52639)
rails/rails: guides/source/configuring.md

#### Configuring an SQLite3 Database

> Rails comes with built-in support for [SQLite3](http://www.sqlite.org), which is a lightweight serverless database application. In Rails 7.1 and beyond, SQLite is better configured for production workloads, but a busy production environment may overload SQLite. Rails defaults to using an SQLite database when creating a new project, but you can always change it later.

Reviewer: This documentation is for Rails 8.0, there is no point to talk about versions before it that might not even be maintained anymore. Let's just remove any mention to versions.

```suggestion
Rails comes with built-in support for [SQLite3](http://www.sqlite.org), which is a lightweight serverless database application. While Rails, better configures SQLite for production workloads, a busy production environment may overload SQLite. Rails defaults to using an SQLite database when creating a new project, but you can always change it later.
```

Author: Good point. Dropped the hanging comma, but made this change. Thank you
